I'm going to tell it to document itself
and I'm now looking at how do I take
that knowledge and better distribute
that to the rest of my team like that
that's that's going to be super
impactful now long term is because I'm
able to work with an agent build
patterns document them and then now that
the trick is how do I distribute my
skills that we've developed
>> or my engineers are developing amongst
the team and that's another whole kind
of another ball of wax but this is so
amazing and I I I want to double down on
your point, Arando.
You said
we don't really know what code it's
writing and or we're getting less and
less of that as we go along. I want to
introduce another concept here. I'm
going to predict this and and this is
maybe already happened to some degree. I
have not seen it on my newsfeed, but
whatever for whatever reason, whenever
Armando and I make predictions now,
we're just making predictions based on
what we see coming down the road from a
technology standpoint. and and it
literally it within weeks now it's
literally showing up in my newsfeed of
like hey someone made this thing. So
here's my next prediction for you. My
next prediction is someone is going to
invent or we're going to build languages
that humans cannot read in programming.